datacube doc updates (#35)
Open-EO/openeo.org: documentation/1.0/glossary.md

## Spatial data cubes

> A spatiotemporal datacube is a multidimensional array with one or more spatial or temporal dimensions. In the EO domain, it is common to be implicit about the temporal dimension and just refer to them as spatial datacubes in short. Special cases are raster and vector datacubes. Learn more about them in the [datacube documentation](https://openeo.org/documentation/1.0/datacubes.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A spatiotemporal data cube is a multidimensional array with one or more spatial or temporal dimensions. In the EO domain, it is common to be implicit about the temporal dimension and just refer to them as spatial datacubes in short. Special cases are raster and vector data cubes. Learn more about data cubes in the [data cube documentation](https://openeo.org/documentation/1.0/datacubes.html).
```
